**Shane Spillman**

Winston Salem, NC \|
[[shanespillman@protonmail.com]](mailto:shanespillman@protonmail.com)
\| 336-624-8595\|
[[www.linkedin.com/in/shanespillman]](http://www.linkedin.com/in/shanespillman)
[[samsdogjack.github.io]](https://samsdogjack.github.io/posts/hello/)

**PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY**

Agile problem solver with experience using RESTful APIs, Python,
Node.js, and React to build scalable and efficient product solutions.
Programming enthusiast with a high aptitude for absorbing new
technologies. Strong collaborator who is passionate about making
products that are functional and beautiful.

**EDUCATION**

**North Carolina State University --** Raleigh**,** NC

Software Development Professional Certificate, May 2023

Coursework: Back-End Development & APIs, React & Redux, SQL & Data
Modeling, Programming with Python

**Forsyth Technical College,** Winston Salem, NC

Associate Degree in Business Administration, 2003

Mechanical Engineering Certificate, 1999

**SKILLS PROFILE**

**Languages & Tools:** Python, Django, SQL, JavaScript (React & Redux),
Node.js, HTML, CSS, GitHub, CLI (bash, zsh)

**Databases:** MongoDB, PostgreSQL

**Security:** Identity & Access Management (IAM), Multi-factor
authentication

**FULL-STACK DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS**

**Project: Spice-Guys - NCSU\|**
[[https://github.com/samsdogjack/spice-guys.git]](https://github.com/samsdogjack/spice-guys.git)

Collaborated with a multidisciplinary team to develop a robust
full-stack catalog web application

Built enhanced backend using Node.js, Express, and Mongodb in an agile
environment; backend updates in real time.

Translated user requirements and product design specifications into code
to create a visually enhanced product.

**Project: Dice Roll Game - NCSU\|**
[[https://github.com/samsdogjack/somekinda-game]](https://github.com/samsdogjack/somekinda-game)

Designed a functional and engaging browser-based game.

Utilized HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript to create an elegant user interface
for a turn based dice roll game.

Deployed game on the web and utilized user feedback to iterate and
refine functionality.

**PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE**

**Mastin Heating And Cooling Inc.**, Winston Salem, NC May 2005 - July
2018

**Installation Technician/IT Services Support Specialist**

Suggested software and hardware modifications to improve security and
experience.

Configured hardware, devices, and software to set up workstations for
employees.

Patched software and installed new versions to eliminate security
problems and protect data for both internal and external clientele.

**Miyako Japanese Restaurant,** Winston Salem, NC April 2018 - July 2023

**Owner and operator of full service restaurant**.

Oversaw all aspects of daily operations, ensuring seamless coordination
between front-of-house and back-of-house teams.

Implemented effective cost-control measures, developed and executed
comprehensive marketing strategies increasing customer base and revenue.
